This Thoom For Hire
	1 June 2008 (¦571)
Starsword Eojek's background used - castle in the glen

Miug = Skirwan - female Thoom
Inu = <as a manic surprise>
Pun'isher = Fat Alice
Measle = Mujin-kun and Santa Chicken


All other and incidental music by Measle

Skirwan investigates the mysterious murder of Sindyth One-Hit. Her exotic journey through Kismia's Island leads her to a surprising discovery.

Author ... Measle, Director ... Measle, Producer ... Measle, All other music (except Credits) ... Measle,  Sound Design ... Measle, Executive in charge of looking good ... Measle, From a concept by ... Measle, Crediting himself with too much ... Measle, High Priestess to Mak'ro ... Miug, Googledocs Sorceress ... Inu Teisei, Most likely to say 'Oh are rehearsing this week? ... Pun'isher, Executive Producer ... Ledon (yeah, nice alias there), Set Design .... Starsword Eojek, Santa Chicken costume provided by ... Jady, Makeup ... Phroon, Credits Music (aka Pulchitrude) by ... Forey, Any similarity between exiles living or departed is purely intentional.  This has been a Puddleby Players Production ¦571.  Puddleby Players will return in ... Honey, I Blew Up the Chapterhouse

Bawkmas 2 - Screwaged
573 27 December 2008

Inu Teisei - Screwage
Measle - Tiny Tim and Tormentor 1
Pun'isher - Bawkmas Past and Papa Cratchet
Noivad - Young Screwage, Zo of Bawkmas Present, Cody and A fat chicken
Miug - Tormentor 2, Ghost of Bawkmas Future and Another fat chicken
Stora - Fallen Scrooge

A tale of redemption for a coin wealthy almost heartless old man who discovers the real meaning of Bawkmas.  A rare Bawkmas story that has no Santa in it.

Song: Dead Chickens by Measle

Credits
Written by ... The Puddleby Players, Director ... Measle, Original Music (except Credits) ... Measle, High Priestess to Mak'ro ... Inu Teisei, Becoming more punctual ... Pun'isher, Went on holiday just before the performance ... Largo, 
Largo's last minute replacement ... Noivad, Getting more than three speaking lines next time, we promise ... Miug, Executive Producer ... Ledon, Hey Diddle Diddle ... Cat and the Fiddle, Spirit pulses are perfect for times like this... hint.. hint, Credits Music ... Pulchritude by Forey, Soundtrack available through Fowlplay http://fowlplay.ashensunset.com, Any similarity between exiles living or departed is purely intentional, This has been a Puddleby Players Production ©573

The Halfling
©568 (4 November 2007)

Largo as Dildo Daggins
Miug as Bossy
Pun'isher as Pinky McPinkBeard aka Sassy
Inu Teisei as Thinky
Measle as Glum the Meshra and Smug the dragon

A stage adaptation of A.D.D Bawkien's tale, we find Dildo Daggins wishing for adventure and soon finds he should be careful what he wishes for.

Credits
'The Halfling' was by A.D.D. Bawkien, Adapted for the stage by The Puddleby Players, Director ... Measle, Money siphoned off by the Campaign to Re Elect Largo, Official Visionstone Technician ... Illora Mone, Sound ... Quicktime, Original Music (except credits) ... Measle, Credits Music ... Pulchritude by Forey, Giving us an official affiliateship (hopefully)... Eldon, When in Puddleby, the Puddleby Players choose to stay at The Purple Tor and dine at Haricots, If subliminal messages work then give all your coins to us, Any similarity between exiles living or departed is purely unintentional, Additional funding for costumes provided for in part from a grant by Eldon And exiles like you, This has been a Puddleby Players Production ©568, Puddleby Players will return this Bawkmas Season in ... The Wench That Stole Bawkmas II. The Wenchoning

The Trial of Manticore
©569 (16 February 2008)

Pun'isher as Manticore, Inu Teisei as Neige, Miug as Zorton and Raymond Shifter, Measle as Judge Haengemie.

A historic retelling of the events leading up to trial of Manticore, the full mystic. Neige a journeyman mystic takes this action when he discovers that Manticore's body has been taken over by yet another more active spirit.

Songs

Credits Music (aka Fortitude) by Pulchritude.

Credits
'The Trial of Manticore' is based on actual events. Adapted for the stage by Measle, Tyrannical Director ... Measle, Warm up act ... Pun'isher & FrozenHam, Official Visionstone Technician ... Illora Mone, Sound ... Quicktime, 
Original Music (except credits) ... Measle, Hair by Soin Airgead of South Town, End Credits Music ... Pulchritude by Forey, Giving us an official affiliateship (hopefully) ... Eldon, When in Puddleby, the Puddleby Players choose to stay at The Purple Tor and dine at Haricots, Dropping out and needing to be replaced.......Largo, Aspasia, Xepel, Noivad and Super Chicken, If subliminal messages work then give all your coins to us, All complaints can be directed to new fen president ... Odesseus, Any similarity between exiles living or departed is purely intentional... well duh, Additional funding for costumes provided for in part from a grant by Eldon ... And exiles like you, This has been a Puddleby Players Production ©569. Puddleby Players will return in...Cody: A Nub's Story.